README.md, before:

# ImmunoPoli

 ImmunoPoli is an information system for managing pandemic information for a given country. 
 The main need to address is to trace contacts between people and to monitor the viral diffusion. 
 It is developed a graph data structure in a NoSQL DB (Neo4j) for supporting the contact tracing application for COVID-19.

## Index

- Group components
- Environment setup 
- Database Generator
  - Neo4j Aura
- GUI
  - Application Login
  - Tests

## Group Components

| Cognome | Nome | e-mail | Matricola | Codice Persona
| ------ | ------ |----- |----- |----- |
| Musumeci | Margherita| margherita.musumeci@mail.polimi.it| 991549| 10600069
| Nunziante |  Matteo| matteo.nunziante@mail.polimi.it | 992518 | 10670132
| Rendina |Piero | piero.rendina@mail.polimi.it  | 991437 | 10629696
| Sanchini |  Andrea | andrea.sanchini@mail.polimi.it | 992072 | 10675541 | 
| Zuccolotto |Enrico | enrico.zuccolotto@mail.polimi.it  | 993209 | 10666354

## Environment Setup

Download the setup file, navigate to the folder with the setup file and execute the following command:  

```sh
pip install -r config_environment.txt
```

## Database Generator

The dataset is drawn from a random generator. It allows enforcing parameters such as the number of visits, tests, COVID-19 vaccinations, families and the probability of being positive.

To generate a new dataset on Neo4j Aura type the following command in the terminal:

```sh
pyhton3 DataBaseGenerator.py
```

### Neo4j Aura 

Credentials for access to the remote Database are the following:

URI 

```sh
neo4j+s://057f4a80.databases.neo4j.io
```
USER 

```sh
neo4j
```

PASSWORD 
```sh
cJhfqi7RhIHR4I8ocQtc5pFPSEhIHDVJBCps3ULNzbA
```

## GUI 

The Graphical User Interface is made with Tkinter library.

To start the application type the following command in the terminal:

```sh
pyhton3 App/Index.py
```
![front page](App/Images/index.png?raw=true)

The App Manager can:
- add new COVID-19 test results
- perform queries to the database 
- see common trends

The Location Manager can:
- register a person that is visiting his location on the current day

The User can:
- visualize his personal information 
- modify some of his personal information 
- visualize his green pass
- visualize covid alerts 
- visualize the list of palaces he visited

### Application Login 
To access the application the IDs are needed. Here there is the list of the IDs to sign in.
<div style="text-align: center;">

| App Manager/User | Location Manager
| ---------------- | --------------- |
|       2878       |      3148
|       2822       | 3168
|       3126       | 3203
|       2506       | 3220
|       2575       | 3228
|       2783       | 3169

</div>

### Tests 
To add a new covid test result the test IDs are needed. Here there is the list of the IDs to use.
<div style="text-align: center;">

| Test Name        | Test ID 
| ---------------- | --------------- |
|                  |                 | 
|                  |                 |  
|                  |                 |  
|                  |                 | 
|                  |                 |  
|                  |                 | 

</div>

Commit message:

Modified the read me file and renamed config_environment.txt in libraries.txt

README.md, after:

# ImmunoPoli

 ImmunoPoli is an information system for managing pandemic information for a given country. 
 The main need to address is to trace contacts between people and to monitor the viral diffusion. 
 It is developed a graph data structure in a NoSQL DB (Neo4j) for supporting the contact tracing application for COVID-19.

## Index

- Group components
- Environment setup 
- Database Generator
  - Neo4j Aura
- GUI
  - Application Login
  - Tests

## Group Components

| Cognome | Nome | e-mail | Matricola | Codice Persona
| ------ | ------ |----- |----- |----- |
| Musumeci | Margherita| margherita.musumeci@mail.polimi.it| 991549| 10600069
| Nunziante |  Matteo| matteo.nunziante@mail.polimi.it | 992518 | 10670132
| Rendina |Piero | piero.rendina@mail.polimi.it  | 991437 | 10629696
| Sanchini |  Andrea | andrea.sanchini@mail.polimi.it | 992072 | 10675541 | 
| Zuccolotto |Enrico | enrico.zuccolotto@mail.polimi.it  | 993209 | 10666354

## Environment Setup

To run the application, all the libraries contained in the following file must be installed:  

```sh
 libraries.txt
```

## Database Generator

The dataset is drawn from a random generator. It allows enforcing parameters such as the number of visits, tests, COVID-19 vaccinations, families and the probability of being positive.

To generate a new dataset on Neo4j Aura type the following command in the terminal:

```sh
pyhton3 DataBaseGenerator.py
```

### Neo4j Aura 

Credentials for access to the remote Database are the following:

URI 

```sh
neo4j+s://057f4a80.databases.neo4j.io
```
USER 

```sh
neo4j
```

PASSWORD 
```sh
cJhfqi7RhIHR4I8ocQtc5pFPSEhIHDVJBCps3ULNzbA
```

## GUI 

The Graphical User Interface is made with Tkinter library.

To start the application type the following command in the terminal:

```sh
pyhton3 App/Index.py
```
![front page](App/Images/index.png?raw=true)

The App Manager can:
- add new COVID-19 test results
- perform queries to the database 
- see common trends

The Location Manager can:
- register a person that is visiting his location on the current day

The User can:
- visualize his personal information 
- modify some of his personal information 
- visualize his green pass
- visualize covid alerts 
- visualize the list of palaces he visited

### Application Login 
To access the application the IDs are needed. Here there is the list of the IDs to sign in.
<div style="text-align: center;">

| App Manager/User | Location Manager
| ---------------- | --------------- |
|       2878       |      3148
|       2822       | 3168
|       3126       | 3203
|       2506       | 3220
|       2575       | 3228
|       2783       | 3169

</div>

### Tests 
To add a new covid test result the test IDs are needed. Here there is the list of the IDs to use.
<div style="text-align: center;">

| Test Name        | Test ID 
| ---------------- | --------------- |
|                  |                 | 
|                  |                 |  
|                  |                 |  
|                  |                 | 
|                  |                 |  
|                  |                 | 

</div>
